Downloaded from
YTS.MX
♪
Official YIFY movies site:
YTS.MX
(heavy breathing)
(labored breathing)
(coughing)
(keys clinking)
("Things That
Often Come to Stay"
by Ramon Mirabet playing)
♪
♪ I find it easy too ♪
♪ So this God told was you ♪
♪ Defying the sands of time ♪
♪ And evoking a bit of yours ♪
♪ To make the most of mine ♪
♪
♪ And from
the land of ghosts ♪
♪ I'll live beyond the most ♪
♪ Of the things
that often come to stay ♪
♪ I will bring you back... ♪
♪ By taming time and space ♪
(beeping)
♪
♪ And if the waves of sound ♪
♪ Get lost looking around ♪
♪ I will make them
follow your trace ♪
♪ By singing this song ♪
♪ Until they find
a friendly face ♪
♪ They find
♪
♪ I'll search our lives ♪
♪ A triumphant life ♪
♪ With neon lights for you ♪
♪ To pass through ♪
♪ The fight will stay
until I die ♪
♪ I'm from
the land of ghosts ♪
♪ Who live beyond most ♪
♪ Of the things that
all forgot to stay ♪
♪ I will bring you back
here with me ♪
♪ By tearing time and space ♪
♪
(music stops)
(line ringing)
(closing zipper)
(sighs)
(pouring)
(engine starts)
(music playing)
(song in Spanish playing)
♪
(shower running)
♪ Hey. give me shelter ♪
(music stops)
(pop music playing
over headphones)
♪ I've heard it all before ♪
(printing ticket)
(music playing
through headsets)
(music stops)
(music playing through stereo)
(raising volume)
(line ringing)
Bye.
♪
(beep)
(rock music playing)
(game beeping)
(door closes)
(dog barking)
(crying)
(raising shutters)
(beeping)
(inserting code)
(beeping stops)
(siren wailing)
(closes door)
♪
♪ I wanna be bad sometimes ♪
♪ Feeling bad sure
sounds good ♪
♪ To me ♪
(laughing)
♪ Oh ♪
♪ Oh. every good girl ♪
♪ Gotta be bad ♪
♪ Every good girl ♪
♪ Gotta be bad sometimes ♪
♪ Oh. every good girl ♪
♪ Has gotta be bad ♪
(laughing)
♪
♪ We thought
we had each other ♪
♪ Making promises ♪
♪ To break them
when we needed to ♪
♪ I used to say fight
for every lost soul ♪
♪ Show them what it's like
to be at home ♪
(needle buzzing)
♪
♪ We said it wouldn't change ♪
♪ Well. baby. it has ♪
♪ Mmm ♪
♪ How did we get to this? ♪
♪ When we were young ♪
♪ We thought
we had each other ♪
♪ Making promises ♪
♪ To break them
when we needed to ♪
♪ I used to say fight
for every lost soul ♪
♪ Show them what
it's like to be at home ♪
(exhales)
♪ We thought we could
change the color of the sky ♪
♪ We thought we'd change
the color of the sky ♪
♪ We thought we could
change the color of the sky ♪
♪ I wanna be
a cult leader ♪
♪ I wanna make you
a believer ♪
♪ Follow me... ♪
♪ An unconventional healer ♪
♪ Follow me. follow me... ♪
(shutter snaps)
♪ I'll be the priestess
up in the tower ♪
♪ Follow me ♪
♪ Follow me... ♪
(footsteps running)
♪ Follow me. follow me... ♪
(inserting code)
(beeping)
(beeping continues)
(shushing)
(motorbike engine revs)
♪
(door closes)
(keys jingling)
♪
(thuds)
(elevator whirring)
(closes door)
(electronic music playing)
♪
(coughing)
(cellphone vibrating)
(heavy breathing)
♪
(moans)
(moaning)
(loud knock on door)
(knocking continues)
(Dani turns off music)
(dance music playing)
♪ How can an angel
break my heart... ♪
(tearing fabric)
(moaning)
(moaning. cellphone vibrating)
(cellphone vibrating)
(phone ringing)
(coughs)
(heavy knocking on door)
(pounding on door)
(pounding continues)
(knocking)
(sniffing)
(thuds)
(all shouting)
(heavy breathing)
(arguing continues)
(shouting)
(screaming)
(indistinct shouting)
(muffled shouting)
(crying)
(glass breaking)
(loud thud)
♪
(distant shouting)
(Dani screaming)
(muttering desperately)
(siren wailing)
(knocking on door)
(phone ringing)
(keys jingling)
(indistinct chatter)
(siren wailing)
(car engine starts)
(tires screeching)
(horn honking)
(siren wailing)
(sirens wailing)
(panting)
(siren wailing)
(tires screeching.
horn honking)
(clanging)
(sobbing)
(heavy breathing)
(water running)
♪
(heavy breathing)
(phone chimes)
(tires screeching)
(siren wailing)
(door closes)
♪
(door opens)
(door closes)
(knocking)
(beeping)
(elevator beep)
(elevator beeps)
(door closes)
(keys jingling)
(heavy breathing)
(indistinct chatter)
(laughing)
(chatter continues)
(door opens)
(cellphone vibrating)
(inserting code)
(beeping)
(beeping continues)
(beeping. vibrating)
(beeping stops)
(Dani sighs)
(sniffing)
♪
(beeping)
(beeping continues)
(phone ringing)
(phone continues ringing)
(beeping stops)
(alarm blaring)
(indistinct shouting)
(shouting. banging continue)
♪
(Spanish pop song playing)
(engine starts)
♪
(tires screeching)
(baby crying)
(baby continues crying)
♪
(heavy breathing)
(shouting)
(indistinct shouting)
(muffled audio)
(gasping)
(indistinct shouting)
(cellphone vibrating)
(muffled mumbling)
(girls running)
(line ringing)
♪
(panting)
(monitor beeping)
♪
(gasping)
(song in Spanish playing)
♪